README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img alt="Logo" src="https://github.com/CourseNotesBTH/DV1592/raw/master/logo.png">
</p>

DV1592 - Digital investigation techniques and digital evidence (forensics)
======

Course notes and the like for DV1592 - Digital investigation techniques and digital evidence (forensics) (forensics)

[More courses](https://github.com/CourseNotesBTH) <br />
See also [Programming Courses at BTH](https://github.com/ProgrammingCoursesBTH)

# Quickstart
<a name="quickstart"></a>

There are some different type of files that you may come across in each course note repository. For your convenience they and their contents are labeled as follows:

| Symbol | Meaning |
| :----: | ------- |
| ✅  | Complete course notes. Usually containing examples and structure similar to that of the lectures' |
| 📝 | Revision notes. Usually short summaries and examples for use before an exam |
| ⚠️ | Incomplete notes. May be lacking notes from lectures or be otherwise incomplete |
| 🏳️ | Language unknown or not of importance |
| 🇸🇪 | Written in Swedish |
| 🇬🇧 | Written in English |

# Table of contents

[Quickstart](#quickstart)<br/>
[Content]("#content")<br />
[Purpose of the repository]("#purpose")<br />
[Contributing](#contributing)<br/>
[Disclaimer](#disclaimer)

# Content
<a name="content"></a>

| File name | Labels | Description |
| --------- | :----: | ----------- |
| Course notes.md | ⚠️  🇸🇪  | Course notes from lectures held in 2019. Requires Typora or any other Markdown & MathJax compatible editor |
| Course notes.pdf | ⚠️  🇸🇪  | Rendered version of the same file |
| Example Exam.pdf | 🇸🇪 | Example exam from 2019 |

# Purpose of the repository
<a name="purpose"></a>

Learning new subjects from reading course literature or attending lectures can be a tedious process. By providing notes and otherwise convenient files, we aim to shed light on typical course structure and content. Notes like these are very convenient to read before an exam.

# Contributing
<a name="contributing"></a>

Any help with the project is more than welcome. If you have a course, an assignment, a project or the like you would like to share, feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request to get the process in motion.

# Disclaimer
<a name="disclaimer"></a>

_This repository holds notes created by students. Although the notes are most likely correct, they may not promote best practices, be factual or grammatically correct. The notes are meant for reading up on a crucial parts of the course - along side attending lectures etcetera._

Commit message:

Added example exam, guest lecture notes and cheat sheet

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img alt="Logo" src="https://github.com/CourseNotesBTH/DV1592/raw/master/logo.png">
</p>

DV1592 - Digital investigation techniques and digital evidence (forensics)
======

Course notes and the like for DV1592 - Digital investigation techniques and digital evidence (forensics) (forensics)

[More courses](https://github.com/CourseNotesBTH) <br />
See also [Programming Courses at BTH](https://github.com/ProgrammingCoursesBTH)

# Quickstart
<a name="quickstart"></a>

There are some different type of files that you may come across in each course note repository. For your convenience they and their contents are labeled as follows:

| Symbol | Meaning |
| :----: | ------- |
| ✅  | Complete course notes. Usually containing examples and structure similar to that of the lectures' |
| 📝 | Revision notes. Usually short summaries and examples for use before an exam |
| ⚠️ | Incomplete notes. May be lacking notes from lectures or be otherwise incomplete |
| 🏳️ | Language unknown or not of importance |
| 🇸🇪 | Written in Swedish |
| 🇬🇧 | Written in English |

# Table of contents

[Quickstart](#quickstart)<br/>
[Content]("#content")<br />
[Purpose of the repository]("#purpose")<br />
[Contributing](#contributing)<br/>
[Disclaimer](#disclaimer)

# Content
<a name="content"></a>

| File name | Labels | Description |
| --------- | :----: | ----------- |
| Course notes.md | ⚠️  🇸🇪  | Course notes from lectures held in 2019. Requires Typora or any other Markdown & MathJax compatible editor |
| Course notes.pdf | ⚠️  🇸🇪  | Rendered version of the same file |
| Cheat Sheet.md | ⚠️ 🇸🇪 | Everything you need to parse the exam in one paper. Based on previous exams and lectures. Requires Typora or any other Markdown & MathJax compatible editor |
| Cheat Sheet.pdf | ⚠️ 🇸🇪 | Rendered version of the same file |
| Example Exam.pdf | 🇸🇪 | Example exam from 2019 |
| Example Exam 2.pdf | 🇸🇪 | Example exam likely from 2018 |
| Example Exam 3.pdf | 🇸🇪 | Example exam likely from 2018 |

# Purpose of the repository
<a name="purpose"></a>

Learning new subjects from reading course literature or attending lectures can be a tedious process. By providing notes and otherwise convenient files, we aim to shed light on typical course structure and content. Notes like these are very convenient to read before an exam.

# Contributing
<a name="contributing"></a>

Any help with the project is more than welcome. If you have a course, an assignment, a project or the like you would like to share, feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request to get the process in motion.

# Disclaimer
<a name="disclaimer"></a>

_This repository holds notes created by students. Although the notes are most likely correct, they may not promote best practices, be factual or grammatically correct. The notes are meant for reading up on a crucial parts of the course - along side attending lectures etcetera._
